okay I have James stefan urquelle
mrs. Stan Show 2015 my 30th year of this
and we have some new based products this
year our base 800 is in full production
and we have the prototype of our base
400 you'll be a more affordable base
amplifier with a little less power and a
little less weight - yeah this is the
base 400 this is the prototype and it
has 400 watts into four ohms as it all
tube front-ends comes standard with a
with a power amp a premium output to
speak on power amp outputs and it has a
preamp in power amp in grab out rather
power amp in our mode switch a pad for
the pad for active and passive pretty
blue light under the - it's going to
retail $4.99 it's going to have a map
price of 999 dollars
it should be in production in about
three to six months
in production is our base 800 it was
inspired by Leyland school ARS original
preamp which we did for him 33 years ago
and picture there is the original preamp
right here here's Leyland
he sent it back to us after not using it
for a few years because he was in this
massive rig that he just doesn't use
anymore and he thought that we should
have it back so we opened it up and of
course we had to listen to it and were
amazed how wonderful is sounded at the
same time we have found 150 of our
original boards that was in his basic
preamp so we decided we would take the
basic design and go a little less
high-tech that we became later on we
started making our preamp right here
this is the same as Lee's but it went to
a single rack space and we started to do
full regulation on the high end on the
power supply and full regulation on the
on the the heater supply which makes the
preamp a lot quicker but in the process
you kind of do lose a little bit of that
that tube warmth so in this model we
kept it exactly the way leaves was done
and have it in such a way that it drives
another tube now this tube drives the
Jensen transformer the Jensen
transformer drives the Class C power
amplifier with 800 watts now because
it's tube in transformer and the plasti
power amp is very high Phi but also very
neutral it just passes the tube sine
sound right out the other end
so it's essentially sounds just like an
800 watt tube amplifier not that anyone
could make one like that I stopped at
350 myself and that was that was like 60
pounds and that was enough anyway this
is that and it's proven to be very
popular and it sounds absolutely amazing
and if you need more info you can
contact us at demin or amps calm you can
call us too if you like you can even
talk to me eight oh five or six 140 100
you